19/9/6 星期五 工作汇报：


一.有关论文的总结或要点：

摘要
    为了在VANET中实现更好的性能并降低信息处理的计算复杂性，不使用双线性配对的VANET环境的CPPA方案的设计成为一个挑战。为了应对这一挑战，我们提出了一种不使用双线性配对的VANET CPPA方案，
我们证明它可以同时支持相互认证和隐私保护。

1.引言
    1）车载自组织网络（VANET),是移动Ad-hoc网络（MANET）的一种变体，是一种连续自我配置、无基础设施的网络。
	2）VANET的要求：消息传送的安全性，隐私性，可追溯性
	
2.相关工作：
各方案所改进的地方以及仍存在的缺点：
    1）Raya and Hubaux：
	                   改进点：the PKI is modified to implement functions of authentication and integrity.
					   缺点：should have a very large storage 
					   
	2）Lu et al.：
	             改进点：the vehicle in Lu et al.'s CPPA scheme obtains a temporary anonymous certificate when it passes by a RSU.	
                 缺点：cannot satisfy the requirement of efficiency in VANETs.
    3）Freudiger:
                 改进点：combined technologies of anonymous certificates and mix-zones to design a new CPPA scheme.
                 缺点：the vehicles and the RSUs have to store a large number of anonymous certificates.				 
	4）Zhang et al.:
	                改进点：used the HMAC to construct an efficient CPPA scheme for VANETs.
					缺点：vehicles have to store a large number of private/public key pairs and the corresponding certificates.
	5）改进的Zhang et al.：
	                      改进点：（1）incorporated the ID-based PKC into the design of CPPA schemes(could solve the certificate management problem in the PKI).
						          （2）proposed an IBS scheme and used it in an ID-based CPPA scheme for VANETs(not need to store a certificate).
								  （3）it supports the function of batch verification(incurs a lower verification cost).
						  缺点：（1）is vulnerable to the replay attack and cannot satisfy the property of non-repudiation,
						        （2）is vulnerable to the impersonation attack and the anti-traceability attack.
	6）Chim:
	       改进点：With only two shared secrets.
		   缺点：is vulnerable to the impersonation attack.
    7）Shim：
	        改进点：proposed an efficient IBS scheme and used it to design an efficient ID-based CPPA scheme.
			缺点： a security flaw exists in the proof of Shim’s IBS scheme and Shim’s ID-based CPPA scheme suffers from a modification attack.
	8）Lee and Lai's ID-based CPPA scheme：
	                                      缺点：cannot withstand the impersonation attack，cannot provide non-repudiation of messages.
	9）Zhang et al. and Bayat et al.:
	                                 改进点：modified the process of generating the anonymous identity and the digitial signature (solve security problems and have better computation 
									         performance results).
									 缺点：suffer from the modification attack.
									 
3.背景：
        1）介绍VANET的网络模型；
        2）安全和隐私要求：消息认证，身份隐私保护，可追溯性，不可链接性，抗攻击性。

4.所提出的基于ID的CPPA方案:
                            1）各种符号的定义；
							2）系统初始化阶段：TA产生系统参数（有限域和椭圆曲线），将其预载入车辆的防篡改设备，并发送到所有RSU中；
							3）匿名身份产生和消息签名阶段；
							4）消息验证阶段。
                            		
		